AS YOU ARE IN CATEGORY OF HEALTHY BMI INDEX YOU SHOULD JUST MAINTAIN YOUR WEIGHT FOR MAINTAIN YOUR BMI AND 
ALSO CHECKOUT OUR WORKOUT SCHEDULE :-

Fruit :
Fresh, frozen, or canned fruits are great choices. Try fruits beyond apples and bananas such as mango, pineapple or kiwi fruit.
When fresh fruit is not in season, try a frozen, canned, or dried variety. 
Be aware that dried and canned fruit may contain added sugars or syrups. 
Choose canned varieties of fruit packed in water or in its own juice.

Vegetables :
Add variety to grilled or steamed vegetables with an herb such as rosemary.
You can also sauté (panfry) vegetables in a non-stick pan with a small amount of cooking spray. 
Or try frozen or canned vegetables for a quick side dish—just microwave and serve. 
Look for canned vegetables without added salt, butter, or cream sauces. For variety, try a new vegetable each week.

Calcium-rich foods :
In addition to fat-free and low-fat milk, consider low-fat and fat-free yogurts without added sugars. 
These come in a variety of flavors and can be a great dessert substitute.

Meats :
If your favorite recipe calls for frying fish or breaded chicken, try healthier variations by baking or grilling.
Maybe even try dry beans in place of meats. Ask friends and search the internet and magazines for recipes with fewer calories 
― you might be surprised to find you have a new favorite dish!

Comfort Foods :
photo of 2 variations of macaroni and cheese, one with 540 calories and one with 315 calories
Healthy eating is all about balance. You can enjoy your favorite foods, even if they are high in calories, fat or added sugars.
The key is eating them only once in a while and balancing them with healthier foods and more physical activity.

Some general tips for comfort foods:
Eat them less often. If you normally eat these foods every day, cut back to once a week or once a month.
Eat smaller amounts. If your favorite higher-calorie food is a chocolate bar, have a smaller size or only half a bar.
Try a lower-calorie version. Use lower-calorie ingredients or prepare food differently. For example,
if your macaroni and cheese recipe includes whole milk, butter, and full-fat cheese
, try remaking it with non-fat milk, less butter, low-fat cheese, fresh spinach and tomatoes.
 Just remember to not increase your portion size.